System resources are users, projects, sprints, user stories and flows.
Only users with the necessary permissions can interact with a resource.
The permits will be registered by default in the system.
The permissions established by the system in terms of users: can create user.
The permissions established by the system in terms of users: can modify user.
The permissions set by the system in terms of users: can delete user.
The permissions set by the system in terms of users: can assign roles in the system.
The permissions set by the system in terms of users: can deallocate roles in the system.
The permissions set by the system in terms of users: can assign roles in the project.
The permissions set by the system in terms of users: can deallocate roles in the project.
The permissions set by the system in terms of roles: create role system, role of system change, delete system role.
The permissions set by the system in terms of projects: create project, modify the project, delete project user add, expel project user.
The permissions set by the system in terms of sprints: create sprint, sprint modify, delete sprint, assign users to a sprint story, story users deallocate a sprint.
The permissions set by the system in terms of user stories: create user story, story modify user, delete user story, change status of a user story, approve user story, assign user to user story, deallocate user user story.
The permissions set by the system in terms of flows: create flow, flow change, delete flow, add a user story flow, remove a user story flow.
The permissions set by the system in terms of reporting: report request.
The permissions are grouped into a role, which is then assigned to a user to interact with the system or with a project.
The role can be of the manager role type.
The role can be of the project role type.
The default system role manager: with all default permissions.
The project manager role will have permissions to create Projects. 
The project manager role will have permissions to modify project.
The project manager role will have permissions to delete projects.
The project manager role will have permissions to add users to the project.
The project manager role will have permissions to expel project user.
The project manager role will have permissions to assign roles in the project and deallocate roles in the project.
The default project roles are: ScrumMaster, ProductOwner, Team.
The system will assign one or more roles to a user manager.
The system will assign one or more roles to a user project for each project.
A role must have at least one permit.
A role can be registered at any time.
The user be logged in and to have permission to create roles.
The role must have a unique name.
Permissions must be listed, and at least one must be selected to be modified.
To create a role, the role type option must be selected, the options are manager role and role of project.
When creating a role, must be confirmed the creation of the role, or otherwise cancel.
The administrator user, must be have permissions to modify roles.
The user can select the role editing option.
The user should select the role to be edited.
The user must be able to select the permissions of the list of all possible permissions and indicate which ones belong to the selected role and which does not.
The user it may allocate or deallocate the permissions to be changed.
The user must have the option to confirm the modification of permissions, or cancel otherwise.
The user must be logged in and have permission for the removal of roles.
The user must select the role to be deleted.
The user must confirm the role to be deleted, or cancel otherwise.
The system must assign an identification code to the user.
The default user named root will have the role of system administrator, which by default has all the permissions.
The user may have associated one or more projects and may not belong to any project.
The system should allow the creation, modification, deletion and logging of users at any time.
The user must be logged into the system and have permission to create users.
